All right welcome back my students.
In the last lecture I gave a little challenge.
I told you if you wanted to take the challenge of actually creating a function or a piece of code that
we actually set the views in your table in that specific column for that specific post you could you
could just make a function right.
Well hopefully you took the challenge and did it if you did not pause the video and try to do it yourself.
You're going to learn a lot more.
And right now I don't want you to get confused with my data here.
I have a lot of clones right because I just don't like to create different data for every post because
you said there was a time I just come here and clone everything just like I show you how to do.
But anyway here we see some views right.
We have some views here and we want to create a functionality that is going to delete it.
All right this is going to be pretty cool.
I want you to pay very close attention for some of you that already did it because you are such a professional
already.
Great.
Congratulations.
I'm glad you did it when you create things like that.
You don't post it down on the under discussion board let people know that you did it and you don't feel
happy about it.
You know everybody can do that.
But anyway let me show you how to do this.
So go to your posts.
The first thing that we need to do is actually create a link to send that get requests.
Hopefully you guys some of you already done this before.
So all right we got this set up already.
Let's go to where we are.
Explain it and let's create a link right here an anchor tag.
And I'm going to wrap this post view which is a number in that link and if I go here now you can see
Whoops.
All right.
Make sure that you put single quotes on this.
I'm going to show you another way of actually echoing all this information there.
Right.
Because if there is a better way and my new course which is the e-commerce for beginners is the come
out I still don't know the name of it but it's going to show you how to build a e-commerce system like
a shopping store for customers.
Maybe he's already out by the time you're watching this is going to show you how to do this.
CMOs are a lot better.
The code is going to be a lot cleaner and more organized and you are an experienced BHP developer now
you're going to get a lot more knowledge and we're going to be doing a lot of really cool things in
that course just to let you know.
But anyway it should be available whether it's watching this.
If he's not just way a little bit and will be available anyway so now what we want to do is when we
click on this link here we want to send a request to a piece of code and that piece of code is going
to make this 0 again.
So what is that piece of code that we're sending first let's send requests and we're going to be doing
the same thing we did with that with the knee right here.
So I'm just going to copy this ref from the delete button right beside it and paste it in there and
instead of sending the delete.
All right.
We are going to send reset.
So now we got to detect for that reset.
So we got to come here to the cold right Willow and win a copy this whole thing and you're going to
face sitting here and we are going to check for a reset.
So if we get in they get requests we're convert this into the idea which is that's what it is.
Actually that's the value of it.
And then instead of doing the lead we're going to do update.
So we're going to say update posts
and then we're going to set.
I'm trying to remember the column name polls views count.
It's right there equal to zero where polls ID right here.
Polls ID.
All right equal to what the polls ID.
And that's right.
We do this and the next thing is let's just say call this resets Querrey.
All right.
Beautiful.
We changed the name for that.
Here we work anyway.
But I'd like to change the name.
One thing that I wanted to show you for those of you that are always saying hey we should be scaping
these values yes you should be scaping these values.
By the time you watch this lecture I should have told you that.
I don't know what lecture it was.
I think it was 50 something I tell you that you should escape your values so let me just for now on
do that so that way you'll be aware of it.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is going to break out of here and I'm going to concatenate.
And you're going to use this function as you apply real scape string.
This is long.
All right my new course I show you how to escape a lot better than this.
All right.
So my ask you a real SKAIFE string is going to take the connection.
And whatever you're scaping in this case we are escaping the guy right here.
So we'll just put that in here.
All right.
Perfect.
So once we scaped that we're good to go.
And that's all we need.
All right.
Let's come back here refresh.
We have no errors here.
All right.
Sometimes when something's not working out a better way to actually find errors is when you right click
and you page source sometimes you get the arrows down here right below here you get you see arrows all
the way in the bottom of the screen.
That's just a little trick there just for those of you that are paying attention.
But anyway we've got this one here let's just click on it.
Let's go back and you see now 0 we get this pull 65 we click on it and now we go back zero.
And we can make all of them zero like this.
Look at that beautiful right.
Just beautiful.
And what you can even go further with this and you can actually put that in this boat for sure and I'll
let you see it like we said stat's or something like that and build a functionality there is real cool.
Right.
So I just wanted to show you that hopefully you appreciate it very much if you are in the discussion.
I'm going to put the discussion just to let you know.
But like it shared with your friends whatever you need to do at home see you in the next lecture.
Take care.